c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\redRect.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.xap
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\WordCruncherWP7LibraryTest.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\WordCruncherWP7LibraryTest.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\WordCruncherWP7.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\CourierNew.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\squareValue.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\labelsFont.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\square_blue.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\WordCruncherWP7\Bin\Debug\Content\square_red.xnb
